[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Buu absorbed Gotenks,
Piccolo, and even Gohan!
The monster
who first appeared as
a simpleminded butterball is
now as smart as he is strong!
I'll put you out of your misery!
It's on! What now?
Thanks, Vegeta! Here we go!
[NARRATOR]
The battle of the titans. Now!
All right!
♪ Opening Song ♪
This is better than I thought.
I feel incredible!
[SUPER BUU grunts]
Aw, what's the matter, Buu?
Are you scared?
[SUPER BUU gasps]
[VEGETTO chuckles]
The two greatest
Saiyans, combined.
My strength
shouldn't surprise you.
The merging of Vegeta
and Kakarot needs a name.
I think Vegetto has a nice ring.
Honestly, I was worried
about how this would work,
but I've turned out even better
than I thought possible.
So, let's get
this fight started.
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
Far from being rattled by you.
I pity your deluded mind
thinking that your new form
will somehow be able
to go toe-to-toe with me,
let alone win.
[SUPER BUU grunts]
[VEGETTO chuckles]
[SUPER BUU]
Don't screw with me!
[yells]
[VEGETTO groans]
[SUPER BUU yelling]
[chuckles]
-[VEGETTO chuckles]
-[SUPER BUU grunts]
If I'm being honest,
that did sting some.
Aw, poor baby. Well,
you won't be happy to hear
that that was just
a fraction of my powers!
[yells]
Heh. Well that was fun.
But I hope it'll take
more than that
to finish you off.
[chuckles]
That's much better.
Now the blood's pumping
and I'm warmed up.
You mind throwing me
another blow?
I'm still not totally
used to this new body yet.
I'm sure you know
what that's like.
I mean, you've been
absorbing my friends all day.
[SUPER BUU]
I'm happy to keep pounding you!
Had you croaked just now,
it would've deprived me
of my great victory.
Then enough talking,
more fighting!
Hi.
[SUPER BUU yells]
Curse you!
Look what you've done!
[VEGETTO]
That crazy old Kai was right.
The power these earrings
unlocked is awesome!
[gasps]
Heh. Now that's
more like it, Buu.
Heh. I will admit, you are
clearly more powerful as one
than you were
as two separate fighters.
Of course I'm stronger.
Far stronger, in fact.
Strong enough to
destroy you all by myself.
All right, I've heard
enough of your arrogance!
I thought I might
enjoy playing with you,
but I'm done pulling my punches!
You're going back to Otherworld!
I welcome you trying,
but you're going to
end up sorely disappointed.
[neck cracks]
[SUPER BUU groaning]
That's not bad.
But I can do you one better!
[SUPER BUU grunting]
[yelling]
[screaming]
[VEGETTO]
What?
[SUPER BUU laughing]
No, you wouldn't! You can't!
Yes. Yes, I will.
This is packed
with enough energy
to rip your whole planet apart.
You're so proud
of your new power--
if you really think
it's enough to stop this,
I dare you to try.
If you value your life,
I'd suggest you
get out of the way.
Though of course,
once this hits the ground,
your home will be gone.
What will you do, Saiyan?
Save yourself and be alone?
Or go down like a weakling?
[laughing]
Well? Have you made your choice?
Of course I have.
And I choose none of the above.
If you think that
tiny blast can scare me,
then you don't know
who you're dealing with yet.
Tiny blast?
Go on and throw it.
See what happens.
Come on,
what you are waiting for?
I'll make you a wager.
I won't take a single step back.
You're sealing your fate with
your arrogance, little man.
Go ahead and grin
as your planet is destroyed!
[yells]
[VEGETTO grunts]
Say your goodbyes!
[VEGETTO grunting]
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
Here! You can keep it!
[VEGETTO yelling]
[continues yelling]
Catch!
Hm. Look at you striking
a pose like you're the top dog.
All that arrogance
just because you pushed back
a big ball of energy?
I don't deny that
you've gotten strong,
but bouncing that into space
doesn't come close
to making you better than me!
Oh, is that so?
Would you like another
demonstration, then?
[yelling]
I call this version,
Super Vegetto!
[growls]
[SUPER BUU] Super Vegetto?
Well, that's original.
[laughing]
It's you who doesn't grasp
the scope of my powers.
I've absorbed three Saiyans.
The two boys and Gohan.
You two merging and
then screaming your head off
is supposed to what?
Get me on my knees,
begging for my precious life?
There's a big difference between
leaching off stolen powers
and the true merging
these Potara earrings create.
Hmph. But if you think
absorbing my friends
makes you the stronger one...
...bring it on.
You're right!
When words aren't enough,
the only way to convince
someone you're better
is by showing them!
You're finished!
[SUPER BUU yells]
[VEGETTO chuckles]
Finish me?
That's cute.
[SUPER BUU growling]
[VEGETTO]
You know, your nose is bleeding.
I think I liked you
better without it.
When you were fat.
Ha! You don't realize
the angrier I get,
the more painful your last
seconds become!
You'll regret that.
[yelling]
[SUPER BUU]
Huh?
Ha! Barely felt that!
I wish you'd quit goofing around
and get serious
with this fight.
[SUPER BUU growls]
[VEGETTO] If you really
want to do damage,
then watch and learn.
[yells]
What? What is that?
My Big Bang Attack!
[screaming]
That all? Or do you want more?
[screams]
[SUPER BUU panting]
No effect!
Nice try!
[grunting]
[laughing]
[SUPER BUU]
Since we're showing off,
here's a good trick!
Can't see me!
[VEGETTO]
Nope. I can't. No need!
[SUPER BUU grunting]
How did you...?
[SUPER BUU gasps]
I use your energy
to track your movement.
I could fight you
with my eyes shut.
You're still using
your sight to follow me,
that's why you can't keep up.
Errr! Think you're so smart!
[yells]
[screams]
[laughing]
He's strong!
Buu can't even
defend himself from Vegetto!
Oh, wow! I never thought
the Potara would work this well!
Well, don't give the earrings
all the credit, dummy.
The Potara
aren't what's important.
It's who uses them!
We've been watching
three of the greatest warriors
to ever exist in the Living
World or Otherworld,
and now two have
combined into one.
And the fact they've been
fighting each other for years
only makes the union stronger.
Their rivalry seems so small
and petty in retrospect.
Anyway, the earth is saved.
No, the universe is saved!
[VEGETTO]
Hm!
What a mess you are.
[SUPER BUU groaning]
What's wrong? Is Majin Buu
all out of trash talk?
[SUPER BUU groaning]
[VEGETTO] This isn't even
fun anymore. It's just sad.
You could at least
put in some effort.
Or is this pathetic
fighting display
already the best
you have to offer?
If that's the case, then I'm
sorry for being hard on you.
My mistake.
[screaming]
Why, you!
[SUPER BUU groaning]
[chuckles]
[SUPER BUU growling]
You keep laughing!
A mere mortal like you
laughing at me?
[screaming]
[VEGETTO groaning]
What the--?
[SUPER BUU laughing]
Here's a twist!
I forced you to absorb me!
I don't care how
powerful you've become,
there's no way you're
sending back this meal!
Say your prayers, Vegetto!
I'm about to begin destroying
your body from the inside out!
You're the one who
should be saying his prayers.
[SUPER BUU]
What?
[VEGETTO yelling]
[continues yelling]
[SUPER BUU groans]
[groans]
[groaning]
[SUPER BUU]
Why? Why am I stuck here?
I can't move
around your body anymore.
Of course you can't move.
I'm using some of my energy
to keep you bottled up
in that one tiny spot.
As long as you're in my body,
you'll be nothing more
than a giant back pimple.
So, do you wanna
stay there or fight?
[SUPER BUU panting]
Well, that was disgusting.
And disappointing
that after all the people
you absorbed,
that was your big move.
This was supposed to be
our final showdown, Buu.
How have I possibly
disappointed you?!
I am the greatest warrior alive
in the whole universe!
[grunts]
I'm tired of you
making a fool out of me!
[growling]
[yells]
[SUPER BUU]
You don't dare mock me!
I mock you! You!
Now that's more like it!
I knew you had it in you, Buu!
[SUPER BUU yelling]
You'll pay for mocking me!
The price for you
doubting my status
as the greatest fighter ever
is your life!
[screams]
Uh-oh. He's gotten so mad,
if I don't stop him,
the energy he's releasing
will rip a hole in space-time
that swallows our universe!
[yells]
--[SUPER BUU screaming]
--[VEGETTO grunting]
[screaming]
[VEGETTO] You nearly
wiped out all existence.
I admit: you are powerful.
Now why don't you
focus that power on me
instead of the world.
You said I'd pay
for mocking you, remember?
After all, you can't say
you're the strongest
until I'm defeated.
[SUPER BUU growls]
[NARRATOR]
The super powers have collided,
but the battle is far from over!
Which of these
two fighters will finally
earn the title of strongest?
Vegetto or Super Buu?
Next, Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
And with Vegeta and me combined,
we could defeat Super Buu
without even using our hands!
[ELDER KAI] Will you please
stop talking for a minute
and just finish him off?!
Whenever you boys get
over-confident in your powers,
bad things happen!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Dad, don't stand
too close to Buu!
He'll get you, too!